W-18034851-db-update-operation-kt (#2830)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: db/1.13/modules/ROOT/pages/database-documentation.adoc

== Operations

> NOTE: To specify an SQL function in an SQL query in an operation, specify the SQL function in the `{fn function()}` format. Note that this is a JDBC escape function call. For example, the SQL function `CURRENT_TIMESTAMP` is specified as `{fn CURRENT_TIMESTAMP()}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: To incorporate an SQL function within an operation's query, use the `{fn function()}` syntax. This constitutes a JDBC escape call. For instance, `CURRENT_TIMESTAMP` must be written as `{fn CURRENT_TIMESTAMP()}`.
```

Reviewer: To avoid lexical repetition and a note within a note
